_drafts/triple-x.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Triple X"
cover_picture: "/images/caspar-rubin-224229.png"
comments: true
categories:
---
<!-- 
    * Intro
    * Why did I like it
    * Explain it
-->
<!-- Intro -->

If you haven't yet, I highly recommend you to watch this talk Kent Beck <!-- link to Kent Beck --> delivered at Pivotal:
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YX2XR73LnRY" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## What it is?
3X is a model conceived by Kent Beck that helps to understand in which stage of life a software product is and different software development approaches can be used for each stage.
<!-- more -->

The top priority for a new product is to remove the uncertanties about the product future. For many years the approach used to removed the uncertantity was to invest more time in the analysis and produce a complete Business Plan. The Agile Software Development movement started changing this mentality in the early 2000s and the Lean Start Up movement consolidate it as the De-Facto approach to create new products with its build-measure-learn cycle and spreading the MVP concept.
<!-- quero falar sobre:
    * Como MVP e experimentos nao sao a solucao para todos os problemas
    * XP e historias que sao descartaveis talvez nao seja a melhor maneira de atacar algo diferente.
-->

These concept proved that they are the best approach to bring a new product to the market. But that doesn't mean they are the best way to develop ANY software project.


## Why did I like it?

Commit message:

Progress on the triple X post

_drafts/triple-x.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Triple X"
cover_picture: "/images/triple-dogs.png"
comments: true
excerpt: 3X is a model conceived by Kent Beck that helps to understand in which stage of life a software product is and different software development approaches can be used for each stage.
categories:
---

If you haven't yet, I highly recommend you to watch this talk Kent Beck delivered at Pivotal:
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YX2XR73LnRY" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## What it is?
3X is a model conceived by Kent Beck that helps to understand in which stage of life a software product is and different software development approaches can be used for each stage.

The top priority for a new product is to remove the uncertainties about the product future. For many years the approach used to removed the uncertainty was to invest more time in the analysis and produce a complete Business Plan. The Agile Software Development movement started changing this mentality in the early 2000s and the Lean Start Up movement consolidate it as the De-Facto approach to create new products with its build-measure-learn cycle and spreading the MVP concept.

<!-- quero falar sobre:
    * Como MVP e experimentos nao sao a solucao para todos os problemas
    * XP e historias que sao descartaveis talvez nao seja a melhor maneira de atacar algo diferente.
-->

These concept proved that they are the best approach to bring a new product to the market. But that doesn't mean they are the best way to develop ANY software project.


## Why did I like it?
